Synopsis:

The story follows 5 individuals trying to survive their current times and situations, four that have survived the moding and are living outside the block and living in the same dot, the last is a female living as one of the lowest cast of society in the block. After Ian a young man from the caravan brining medical supplies to block 15ends up as the only survivor after a parasite infection he ends up in the dot tending block 15, while showing a retrieval team where the medical supplies are they find out that vials of the parasite is being hoarded by block 15 and that block 15 is experimenting with the parasite    

Chapter planning:
Chapter 1: Ian - Welcome home:
This chapter should introduce the reader to all the characters as Ian meets them throughout the camp. Helping the reader understand the world that they find themselves in. Why the blocks keep them around is not discussed in this chapter.

Chapter 2 - Fragile Goods:
A team from block 15 is dispatched to retrieve the medical supplies that where hidden by the caravan and at the same time the dot is treing to retrieve the same supplies, a meeting is inevitable.

Chapter 3 - What you don't know can't hurt you:
The dot finds out that most of the medical supplies sent to the block consist of vials full of the parasite.
Chapter 4 - :
Chapter 5 - :
Chapter 6 - :
Chapter 7 - :
Chapter 8 - :
Chapter 9 - :
Chapter 10 - :

Extra lore:
The blocks keep the dots(the modded people) around as they make a specialized drug called Big-O, a small translucent indigo color crystal made only by a few of the modded woman that had intercourse on the mind when they got affected with the parasite. The crystal is produced in the vagina and can be harvested once every day. This drug is highly addictive but non-lethal no matter what the dose; also there are no draw backs or negative effects on the body that has been observed.

A Serum made from a certain wasp that inhibit the abilities of gifted people that are hunted by normal people because they.... still have to  figure it out why regular people would want to hunt them down, Bone manipulation (sometimes osteokinesis) is the ability to manipulate the bones  in one's own body. For example, one might be able to grow bones from various places on the body to use as weapons, or alter the density in one's  bones to make them extremely durable and strong.

DNA spliced wasp called the "black potters" a mix between the potter wasp, black wasp and paper wasps are used for the serum

The blocks name is derived by the way the cities are constructed, a five story building sticking out of the ground with no windows, the roof is constructed out of high density graphene polymer that can be seen through from the inside but from outside it is black in colour(they also act as the main solar pannels for the block), the block then extends underground for another 50 floors.


Characters:
Name: Ian
Short description: Ian is a young, thin, Asian man fair of complexion. He is very introverted, he has recently been modded also while witnessing his family and the whole caravan die because of the parasite infection spreading, his caravan was bringing requested medical supplies to block 15. ()
Likes: Sleeping, Sweets and playing shogi
Dislikes: Heights, The Parasite
Personality traits: Very concerened personality, likes to plan and gather information on all things concerning him
Modded Ability: Controls his bones (Can create bones that pierce trough his skin as weapons and lighten them for greater speed can also make them as dense as he wants, his)

Characters: 
Name: Stack
Short description: An advanced scout for camp 15, he has a thin body made for running and a dark complexion.
Likes: Being in nature, Insects.
Dislikes: Crowded places
Personality traits: Used to work in the cubes lower level factory so he has never seen the sun until the day an infected rat creeped in through the venst spreading the parasite, effectively killing 90% of the factory in the process.
Modded Ability: Has padded feet so he makes no noise when walking also modded eyes (Can see in the dark) , has a third eye in the middle of his head, when closed looks like a scar (see in infrared and zoom in up to a kilometer can also see changes in air pressure).

Characters:
Name: Sarah
Short description: She was infected as a baby and thus grew up in camp 15, she is trained as the camps medic (Can sutere wounds with her hair, very usefull if you ask me :) specialy with all the dieng about to happen in the book).
Likes: Candy, drawing and camp 15 her home and getting stoned.
Dislikes: Rain
Personality traits: Has a very laid back personality but if she want her focus is razor sharp and very intense.
Modded Ability: Can control her hair and nails (movement, growth rate, strength), one hair can support her whole weight if needed

Characters:
Name: Smiley
Short description: Is a psycopath in a sence, he was made to watch as his parents where infected with the parasite and finally died a slow horible death by the mob bosses running the block (can switch of his emotions at wil), then throwing him on top of his dead parents and throwing them down the trash shoot. Fighting to stay alive as the curosive rain in the melting vat sprayd down on them his skin was modded. 
Likes: Maming block mobsters, Poetry, Tending to the hive
Dislikes: The Block,  
Personality traits:
Modded Ability: Can control skin in multiple ways (Hardening, Shedding and Turning invisible), 

Characters:
Name: Esra
Short description: Grew up in the slums of the block and started working as a prostitute at a young age was then taken in and became a spy for the blocks goverment. When she got her abilities she watched as she and her son where infected and held her dieng son in her hand as he died. Is heighly trained in malatary tactics and weapons.
Likes: Pendant of her child (Lets no one touch it), control over any situation she ends up in.
Dislikes: Most people, having no food or nice things.
Personality traits: Very intense person, straight to the point.
Modded Ability: Highly developed lungs and unending stamina, does not sleep.

Chapter 1: Ian - Welcome Home (Completion date: 10-04-2017)

“ffffuuuuccccckkkk, is it sup….. ssshhhiiittt!, is it supposed to burn like this?!”, he gasped as the burning sensation crept through his bones, making them feel like burning choals. “You get used to it after the third or fourth dose, you don’t have to worry the next shot is only four days from now” the stone faced man said as the needle withdrew from Ians arm leaving a small bead of blood behind.
“You’re free to stay at camp 15, you’re going to have to earning your keep starting next week, we dislike free loaders”, the mans expresion unchanging and placid staring at Ian. The burning started up again now spreading from his spine into his brain, “Think you need to sit down you look real pale kid, very few pass out from the treatment but you seem close to…” his voice trailed off as Ians world faded to black.

The first sensation Ians was hit with was his bodies weight, feeling heavy as though it was made of lead. Slowly the darkness gave way to his senses one by one comming alive like the systems in a computer would, the feeling of onther body next to his jumping at his synapsis. His eyes shot open half blinded by the light coming in from an open window infront of him, triying to focus and get away at the same time only resulted in him slipping and crashing into the person he was trying to avoid, dislodging them both from the bed and landing them on the floor his body ending up ontop of the other person. Now franticaly trying to get off of the other person, a soft female chuckle comming from below him slowing his escape plans to a crawl, "You can relax you are safe here Ian". His eyes finally focusing on a beautiful pale face framed by a thick red curls. 

"You need to calm down otherwise your going to cancel out the last injection". "Where am I? Who are you?" Ians raspy voice filled the room. "You were passed out for the last couple days, that injection really did a number on you, only heard of a few people reacting that strongly to the injection" her gaze drifting to her chest with his following, his hand resting on her left breast. He felt his cheeks redning as he snaped his hand back, "I'm so sorry" he said hastily, "Just don't make a habit of it.". He retreated further from her becoming aware of his current position on top of her. "I'm Sarah and what passes for a docter around here, you are in the clinic of camp 15" she said in a low soft voice while picking herself up from the hardwood floors.

Ians eyes darting from hers to the wood floor as he felt another flood of heaty imbarisment flushing his cheeks, "I'm Ian, was supose to follow the big guy here, wait you said I was out for a few days?". "Ya the serum did a number on you but your parasytes are adjusting well to it", "Ya the parasites" he said as a flood of sorrow relaced the imbaresment, his face loosing all expresion. "Heard what you went through, you where part of a caravan right?" she asked in an apolagetic tone. Ian turned his head from her as he felt the sorrow building in his gut, "Yes I use to be along with my dad and mom, they didn't suvive the parasytes" he said facing the floor his voice cracking.

"This might not mean to much to you right now but you have a large family now" the distance between them now closed again as she stood next to him, her hand on his shoulder, "I've heard the members of a caravan are like a close family, it sounds like what we have here. in the camp, evryone looks out for each other.". "I apreciate the gesture but I doubt I'll fit in" he shruged Sarahs hand from his shoulder. "Well let's just focus on the short term for now, Stacks outside waiting to show you around" a warm smile beamed Ians way, he couldn't help but crack a small smile back as he made his way past her.

Once outside Ian was surprised by the bustling of people and how many of them there were, "Hey you Ian?" he turned to the origin of the question and saw a small framed man not allot bigger than him standing there looking at him, his dark eyes waiting for an answer, "Ya that's me sorry" he started towards the man "I'm Ian, are you Stack", "Yip" even as the reply came Ian stopped in his tracks noticing that it wasn't the Iris that was dark in Stacks eyes but most of the eye itself was dark brown. "What you stuck to the ground?" Stack asked in confusion of the situation, "Your eyes, are you ok?", Stack hiding a glint of irritation "Let's walk and talk, we have allot to do today" Stack turned and started walking at a fast pace. From behind Stack heard Ians footsteps running closer to him, "I'm sorry for reacting that way...", "Its fine you're going to see allot of mods going through the camp, I would advise you get use to it as quickly as possible otherwise you might offend others". Ian followed him quietly to embarrassed to try make any further conversation.

Stack stopped in front of a thin corridor linned with thick mettale plates as walls, it seemed to dig into the ground like a mid-evil mine, a warm draft was coming from the entrance of the make shift tunnel, “So the pit is your home for the next few weeks, curfew is 6 pm sharp”, tilting his head toward Ian waiting for a response. “Does everyone live underground?” Ian feeling uncertainty creeping into the corners of his mind. “Nope just the new guys”, Stack turning from the entrance and started walking off, “Com'n need to show you where you'll be helping out”. Ian turning to follow Stack again “Why do only the new comer sleep there?” , “For the same reason Sarah had to talk you down this morning, you don’t have any control over your mods yet and you need the isolation for 'the sleep'”.

"Aright this is the hive, this'll be your new job, go in and get your assignment" stopping in front of what looked like a green house built into a very large tree.


Stack is a scout as the parasite evolved his eye so he can see great distances and in the night
(ians next shot will be after they go close to the city to test his abilities close to an abandoned air strip)